Feature/zaidmark infra docs (#520)
Ensono/amido.github.io: docs/workloads/azure/data/getting_started/core_data_platform_deployment_azure.md

2. Go to Pipelines, and then select **New pipeline**
3. Name the new pipeline, e.g. `amido.stacks-data-infrastructure`
4. For the pipeline definition, specify the YAML file in the project repository feature branch (`air-infrastructure-data.yml`) and save

> 5. Make sure that the Enable Private Networks box is set to your preffered deployment method. Unticking the box will issue a public network deployment.

Reviewer: There needs to be some sort of information here around what the different deployment methods do. In the text that was there previously there was a link to `../architecture/infrastructure_data_azure#networking`... think it's useful to keep a link to that (may need to review the content on that page is still accurate)?

Reviewer: Typo: `preferred`

> 5. Make sure that the Enable Private Networks box is set to your preffered deployment method. If you want to provision infrastructure within a link:[private network](../architecture/infrastructure_data_azure#networking), ensure this variable is ticked. Unticking the box will issue a public network deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Make sure that the Enable Private Networks box is set to your preferred deployment method. If you want to provision infrastructure within a [private network](../architecture/infrastructure_data_azure#networking), ensure this variable is ticked. Unticking the box will issue a public network deployment.
```

> 5. Make sure that the Enable Private Networks box is set to your preffered deployment method. If you want to provision infrastructure within a link:../architecture/infrastructure_data_azure.adoc#networking[private network], ensure this variable is ticked. Unticking the box will issue a public network deployment.

Reviewer: Just check the link formats are correct in the md & adoc versions.
